# Interesting Capsules
What makes a capsule interesting to me? It might be unique; The writer might seem interesting; It might be entertaining; or I might not have any idea what I find compelling. See if you agree!

## Personal
=> gemini://makeworld.space makeworld.space
    ðŸ›ˆ Creator of Amfora client
=> gemini://warmedal.se/~bjorn/ ðŸ§¸ ew0k is a Teddybear
    ðŸ›ˆ Creator of Antenna (see below)
=> gemini://jsreed5.org/ Rob's Gemini Capsule
    ðŸ›ˆ Very interesting capsule with sections on various subjects, e.g., interesting gemlog posts, a chess app, scripts, etc.

## Search/Agregators
=> gemini://warmedal.se/~antenna/ ðŸ“¡ Antenna
=> gemini://gemini.circumlunar.space/capcom/ CAPCOM Geminispace aggregator
> CAPCOM is an aggregator for Atom feeds of Gemini content.

## Gemhosts & Collaborative Writing
=> gemini://nightfall.city Nightfall City
> From the hills of Dusk's End to the small alleys of Main Street, you feel drawn to the lights of this vibrant metropolis in an uncharted internet territory. The sign reads "Nightfall".

## Apps/Fun/Just for the Hell of It
=> gemini://astrobotany.mozz.us/ ðŸª Astrobotany
> Astrobotany is a community gardening experience in geminispace.
> * Plant a virtual seed and water your flower every day to watch it grow!
> * Gather coins and buy items to personalize your unique space!
> * Chat with your friends and send private messages and gifts!
> * Compete for high scores and a coveted position on the leaderboards!

## Gemini/Smolnet Software
### Clients
=> gemini://skyjake.fi/lagrange/ ðŸ”¥LagrangeðŸ”¥ (ðŸªŸ Windows/ðŸ§ Linux/ðŸŽ macOS & iOS/ðŸ¤– Android)
> Lagrange is a GUI client for browsing Geminispace. It offers modern conveniences familiar from web browsers, such as smooth scrolling, inline image viewing, multiple tabs, visual themes, Unicode fonts, bookmarks, history, and page outlines.
    ðŸ›ˆ Unquestionably the best overall client for browsing much of the smolnet, especially Gemini Cross-platform, beautiful, feature-rich, and supports multiple other protocols like Spartan and Gopher. 

### Servers
=> gemini://qwertqwefsday.eu/agate.gmi Agate
> Agate is a server for the Gemini network protocol, built with the Rust programming language. Agate has very few features, and can only serve static files. It uses async I/O, and should be quite efficient even when running on low-end hardware and serving many concurrent requests.