=> keywords.bliz ðŸ—ï¸ðŸ’¬

# Net Nostalgia Refugees  

``` Welcome banner ASCII art and updates
â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”“
â”ƒ                â•”â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•—                 â”ƒ
â”ƒ                â•‘â–€â–’â–’â–’â–’â–’â–’â–’â–’â–’â–’â–€â•‘                 â”ƒ
â”ƒ                â•‘            â•‘                 â”ƒ
â”ƒ                â•‘  Welcome!  â•‘                 â”ƒ
â”ƒ                â•‘            â•‘                 â”ƒ
â”ƒ                â•‘â–„â–’â–’â–’â–’â–’â–’â–’â–’â–’â–’â–„â•‘                 â”ƒ
â”ƒ                â•šâ•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•â•                 â”ƒ
â”ƒ                ____ ____ ____                 â”ƒ
â”ƒ               ||N |||N |||R ||                â”ƒ
â”ƒ               ||__|||__|||__||                â”ƒ
â”ƒ               |/__\|/__\|/__\|                â”ƒ
â”ƒ GiveEmWatts' home on Geminispace and Spartan! â”ƒ
â”ƒ                                               â”ƒ
â”—â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”â”›
   â³ Last update (approx): March 18, 2023
```

My specific interests for this capsle are net nostalgia, the smolnet, 90s/oldweb aesthetic, and also any interesting unrelated topics. It's as much personal as it is themed. Enjoy!

I'm happy to have any feedback. Contact info at the bottom of this page.

## Net nostalgia & smolnet

ðŸš§ = to be added
=> hlkdx/ ðŸ”— Hotline & KDX client/server/BBS software ðŸ†•
=> aol.gmi â˜Žï¸ AOL revival (P3OL) ðŸš§
=> oldweb.gmi ðŸ“Ÿ 90s/oldweb ðŸš§
=> notes.bliz ðŸ“ Gemini/Spartan information and notes
=> readthese.gmi ðŸ“– Recommended reading on Geminispace
=> capsules.gmi ðŸš€ Other interesting capsules
=> gemini.gmi â™Š Gemini/Spartan meta ðŸš§ 

## Other explorations

=> books.gmi ðŸ“š Book recommendations/reading log ðŸš§
=> turtles.gmi ðŸ¢ Turtles! ðŸš§
=> cs.gmi ðŸ’¾ Computer science & programming progress ðŸš§
=> buddhism.gmi ðŸ§˜ Buddhist practice/meditation ðŸš§

-~= Visit my Plant =~-
ðŸŒ± And feel free to water!
=> gemini://astrobotany.mozz.us/public/b07bd940b41c462ea8d927cd8761ff77 Muad 'Dib
=> gemini://astrobotany.mozz.us/public/b07bd940b41c462ea8d927cd8761ff77/m1 Muad 'Dib (with color if client supported)

## Contact

ðŸ“« Email
* watts [at] mailfence [dot] com
* giveemwatts [at] ctrl-c [dot] club
