=> ../ ☚ NNR

# Hotline & KDX

Hotline (HL) and KDX are client/server communication software suites with file sharing, chat, private messaging, message boards, as well as other features depending on software and build. Both were most popular in the late 90s-early 00s, KDX being more recently developed with a greater feature set. Versions of both (includind third party) still work on multiple platforms. They are essentially BBSes for the GUI era. 

Foth both, some old servers still exist, and a small group of users are attempting to revive the protocols with new servers and content.


## Join us!

NNR has our own Hotline and KDX servers. Come enjoy friendly chat, post, and share files!

Gemini isn't designed to be reliable for transfer of arbitrarily sized binary files, nor is is a particularly good format for real-time chat and threaded messaging (although implementations of some of these do exist). That's a good thing! It's mean to do one thing well, present relatively simple hypertext media. Because of these limitations, the Hotline and KDX servers should be considered to official chat and forum platforms for this capsule.

### Hotline Server
```
Server                 : notalgia.net-freaks.com
Port                   : 5500
Guest login            : enabled
For an account, contact: watts [📧] mailfence.com (email, replace '[📧]' with '@')
                         GiveEmWatts (Hotline account)
```

=> hl/hlsoftware.gmi HL client & server software
=> hl/hlservers.gmi Recommended hotline servers & finding servers using trackers
=> hl/hltips.gmi HL tips & tricks

### KDX Server
```
Server                 : notalgia.net-freaks.com
Port                   : 10700 
Guest login            : enabled
For an account, contact: watts [📧] mailfence.com (email, replace '[📧]' with '@')
                         GiveEmWatts (KDX account)
```

=> kdx/kdxsoftware.gmi KDX client & server software
=> kdx/kdxservers.gmi Recommended KDX servers & finding servers using trackers 
=> kdx/kdxtips.gmi KDX tips & tricks
